Our privacy policy will help you understand what information we collect at Live.alrashayda, howLive.alrashayda uses it, and what choices you have. Live.alrashayda built the Live.alrashayda app as a free app. This SERVICE is provided by Live.alrashayda at no cost and is intended for use as is. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible in our website, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use

For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to users name,  phone number, pictures. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.

Device Information

We collect information from your device in some cases. The information will be utilized for the provision of better service and to prevent fraudulent acts. Additionally, such information will not include that which will identify the individual user.

Security

We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Contact Information:
Email: alahmad80u@gmail.com
